hey guys today I'm going to be showing
you a fully parked vampire lord I'm
gonna go through the puck tree the
spells and powers the vampires armor and
also any unique items you get only by
playing the vampire side of Doom guards
so there will be some spoilers in this
video okay the first vampire puck we
have is power of the grave which adds 50
points to health magic and stamina as a
vampire Lord we also have vampire grip
which lets you drag enemies towards you
like telekinesis spell and it does
choking and throwing damage summon Gago
is self-explanatory and Colchis which is
a paralysis spell on the other side we
have the technical creatures which
detects everything Kievan do-over no
mames miss foam which works the same as
become a thorough and supernatural
reflexes which slows down time for your
enemies but gives you a speed boost
unearthly will but gives you a cost
reduction to your spells and powers
blood healings lets you heal all your
health of a single bite attack plays and
towns at poison damage our towns and
knight cloak has a swarm of bats around
you and attack anyone within Meli range
okay the first spell i'm going to show
you is the vampire drainable this spell
is glitched and when you have cerana as
a fall off she will make the spell cost
up do a lot less damage than it normally
would also show be supernatural reflexes
power you can see the horses
slowed down but I'm easily able to
overtake her even though I've given it
her headstone
next I show Ray's dead which works as
the the same as the regular Ray's dead
spell wood and I'm also gonna show you
the power of bats which lets you turn
into a cloud of bats and get away from
danger
the next vowel is corpse cuss which is a
paralysis spell and I'm also gonna show
the power miss form which when used you
can't take damage but at the same time
you can't deal damage you actually can't
do anything you can't switch your spells
or powers the only thing you can do is
let your Magica health and stamina
regenerate
as night vision spell as well which
gives you a night vision and also the
summer goggle spell
there's detect all can see dead enemies
off in the hills over there
and lost well I think I want to show you
is vampiric grip and say I'm doing a
little bit of damage to janessa
and then when it was off I sent a flying
and it does more damage when she lands I
think next I'm gonna show you the claw
Rock
I just wanted to double-check I'd go all
the spells set for you what we did the
claw attack on the horse you notice when
I had his green different poison damage
and you can also see the bats around me
damaging you as well
and then there's change back into the
human you use the power revert form and
I am as a human again okay now I'm gonna
show you the unique vampire
I am Zeke and let me get by playing on
the vampire side they have for gradient
quests first one is amulet that's when
wearing the spatzle drain life from any
nearby enemies amulet ACOG oh you get to
summon a second goggle for 30 seconds um
the ring of the based wage adds 100
health and your cortex deal an extra 20
damage mmm last offering of erudite I
don't even know if I pronounced stuff
it's adds a hundred magicka and your
magical regenerates faster now the
vampire armor this is the regular on a
set that you can get very easily it
looks like that there's also a red
version I just don't have it with me the
boots the gauntlets and lastly the Royal
vampire set which adds a hundred and
twenty five percent magic of
regeneration and so that's it for the
vampire um I'm hopefully gonna be
getting a level version of this out soon
so if you want to watch that stay tuned
and yeah if yeah